[menu] Update section about supporting navigation use case (#1209)
openui/open-ui: site/src/pages/components/menu.explainer.mdx

### How can we use menu elements to support navigation menus?

> A navigation menu is for navigation to different pages on a site. It is often created using a `<nav>` element, which maps to the ARIA role `navigation`. Navigation menus do not need ARIA to be accessible. Since all items in a navigation menu are focusable links, users can depend on the focusable state to navigate between the different items. Navigation menus are the most common type of menus we see online. It can be found on blogs, SPA, news sites, anywhere. Most are following a **Disclosure Navigation Menu** pattern although it is also possible to implement it using a **Navigation Menubar** pattern (for example, to support nested menu lists).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "navigation menu" represents a means to allow users to access different pages/screen or sub-pages/screens of a website or web application - commonly used in many blogs, SPAs, news websites, really anywhere.  The most common way to create a navigation menu is by using a `<nav>` element, which implicitly exposes the ARIA landmark `navigation` role.  Lists, hyperlinks and buttons (to show/hide sub-navigation items) are the commonly expected child elements of many standard navigations, which generally do not need an author to declare specific ARIA roles to be accessible. Since all items in standard navigations are commonly hyperlinks and buttons, users can rely on standard <kbd>Tab</kbd> key navigation to reach each interactive element of the navigation. 

Sometimes, to reduce the amount of keyboard tabbing to bypass large navigation menus, a [**Disclosure Navigation Menu** pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/disclosure/examples/disclosure-navigation/) or [**Menubar Navigation** pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/menubar/examples/menubar-navigation/) may be used.  Each have their own pros and cons.
```

We are evaluating the possibility to include **Navigation Menubar** pattern in our proposal. Currently, screen readers don't expect `<menuitem>` to be navigatable. We need to carefully evaluate if this is a valuable addition and how menuitem can be changed to support a navigation menubar.

**Questions**

> * Should we reuse the [`<nav>` element](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/#the-nav-element)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Should we reuse the [`<nav>` element](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/#the-nav-element) if we were to support a "disclsoure" or "menubar" navigation pattern?
```

* Should we reuse the [`<nav>` element](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/#the-nav-element)?

>     * No. Similar to how we do not want to re-use `<menu>`, it would be better to create a new element than to codify an universally undesired pattern.

Author: Removing this line because there is an issue to discuss this and we should resolve this as a group:
https://github.com/openui/open-ui/issues/1194

Reviewer: agree with removing the line - but with my suggested change

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, accepted them.
